feat: managing-products (#883)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Catalog/managing-products.mdx

    "DescriptionShort": "The Nike Zoom Stefan Janoski is made with a premium leather.",
    "ReleaseDate": "2023-01-01T00:00:00",
    "KeyWords": "Zoom,Stefan,Janoski",
    "Title": "Zoom Stefan Janoski Canvas RM SB Varsity Red",
    "IsActive": true,
    "TaxCode": "",
    "MetaTagDescription": "The Nike Zoom Stefan Janoski Men's Shoe is made with a premium leather upper for superior durability and a flexible midsole for all-day comfort. A tacky gum rubber outsole delivers outstanding traction.",
    "SupplierId": 1,
    "ShowWithoutStock": true,
    "AdWordsRemarketingCode": null,
    "LomadeeCampaignCode": null,
    "Score": 1
}
```

</CH.Code>

---

## Updating a product

>⚠️ If you need to change any product field, it is necessary to send all the other fields in the request. Otherwise, all other previously configured information will be deleted. Therefore, before making a change, you should [get the product data](#retrieving-product-data) for the same `Id` and use the response as a template to make the change.

> In case you have already created a product and want to change it, use the [Update product API request](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#put-/api/catalog/pvt/product/-productId-), sending in the `Id` of the product already created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to update information from an existing product, send a request to the [Update product](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/catalog-api#put-/api/catalog/pvt/product/-productId-) endpoint, indicating the `Id` of the existing product.
```
